%hyperhelp title="How to use HyperHelp" date="2017-12-22"

*|Introduction|*
============

HyperHelp is an add on dependency for Sublime Text packages that provides a
simple text based, context sensitive help system for Sublime Text. Using
HyperHelp, package authors can easily provide help for their packages in a more
navigable format than just a simple `README` file.

HyperHelp allows you to easily add help to any package in Sublime, which
includes your own `User` package. This allows you to create your own custom set
of hyperlinked notes or items that you refer to often, without having to leave
Sublime.


*|Navigating	Help|*
===============

This tab contains a HyperHelp |Help	View| for displaying help text. Every
window in Sublime has it's own unique view, allowing you to display help that's
most relevant to what you're working on within that window.

In most regards this is just a regular Sublime view; you can search and copy
text as you normally would. In addition, the following keys allow you to take
various actions:

    <?>
        Open the table of contents for the help currently being displayed

    <Tab>/<Shift+Tab>
        Move the cursor to the next or previous |anchor| within the current
        help file

    <Enter>/<Double	Click>
        Follow a |link| to another |anchor| somewhere in the help system

    <Alt+Left>/<Alt+Right>
    				Navigate forward and backward through the help history


*|Links	and	Anchors|*
=================

As the name implies, HyperHelp allows help to provide hyperlinks to related
help in other locations. This is accomplished via the |link| and |anchor|.

A link is text contained with two vertical pipe (`|`) characters. Links will
appear visually distinct from other text in the buffe, and will also appear
underlined.

Performing a <Double Click> on a link or pressing <Enter> while the cursor is
on one will follow the link to the destination.

The destination of links is the |anchor|, which may appear in the current file
or in some other file in the help system. Anchors are text surrounded by two
asterisk (`*`) characters.

For example, |here| is a link that jumps to the anchor *here*.

It is possible for a link to open up not only another help file but also
a web page or a local package file.

For example, here is a shameless plug for my other package, |OverrideAudit|
and here is a link that will open up the |exec.py| plugin that ships with
Sublime in `Default/exec.py`.


*|Help	View|*
=========

HyperHelp supports a single help view for each active Sublime Text window. Each
view is independent of the help displayed in the help views of other windows,
allowing you to keep the help you need most in each window handy.

A single help view always displays help provided by one package at a time,
although you can freely switch the help package at any time in order to see
more relevant help.

Help is generally plain text with very little |markup|, keeping it as human
readable as possible. With the help being text, most of the features of Sublime
that you already use to move around inside of a file are available to you.


*|Opening	Help|*
============

Opening the initial help view in a window can be accomplished by:


  * Selecting `HyperHelp > Packages with Help` in the main menu or command
    palette will show you a list of all packages that currently provide help.

  * Custom key bindings, command palette entries or menu items that use the
    appropriate |commands| to open help for a package. Thse can be created by
    you or by a package author.

  * Packages can open context sensitive help to provide more information on
    their operation at any point.


*|Next	Steps|*
==========

Now that you know a little bit more about HyperHelp, feel free to explore
the help system a little bit more.

To start off, you might want to use the <?> key to open the |table	of	contents|
for this help package and explore around to get more information on how things
work.

If you're a package author you may want to check out |integration.txt| to see
how you can integrate HyperHelp into your own package (pro tip: it's super
easy).

You may also want to check out |authoring.txt| to see more information on the
authoring tools that are available.